reports/report-November1.md, before:

1. This week I continued working on Milestone 2. I made sure my human vs. human play was working correctly by playing a few games. I also created more tests in othello_tests.cc for my logic.c functions as well as my utility.c functions. I wanted to create more tests to validate my code. This week, I also worked on cleaning up my code by creating more functions within my logic.c, player.c, and utility.c files. I tried to shorten areas of my code where it was getting a little too long. To improve structure and organization, I created utility.c/h to hold utility functions such as displaying who the winner of the game is, the score of each player, etc. I originally had these functions in other files, but I thought they would be better stored in one utility.c/h file. This week I also created my README. My README contains a description of Othello,instructions on how to compile and run the code, a game tutorial, and the structure of my program. At the end of the README, I also have instructions on how to run the Othello tests.

2. This week, I want to start working on Milestone 3. I didn't get to Milestone 3 this past week because I was focused on making more tests and cleaning up the code I already had before moving forward.

3. Demo:

Commit message:

Updated report with demo link

reports/report-November1.md, after:

1. This week I continued working on Milestone 2. I made sure my human vs. human play was working correctly by playing a few games. I also created more tests in othello_tests.cc for my logic.c functions as well as my utility.c functions. I wanted to create more tests to validate my code. This week, I also worked on cleaning up my code by creating more functions within my logic.c, player.c, and utility.c files. I tried to shorten areas of my code where it was getting a little too long. To improve structure and organization, I created utility.c/h to hold utility functions such as displaying who the winner of the game is, the score of each player, etc. I originally had these functions in other files, but I thought they would be better stored in one utility.c/h file. This week I also created my README. My README contains a description of Othello,instructions on how to compile and run the code, a game tutorial, and the structure of my program. At the end of the README, I also have instructions on how to run the Othello tests.

2. This week, I want to start working on Milestone 3. I didn't get to Milestone 3 this past week because I was focused on making more tests and cleaning up the code I already had before moving forward.

3. Demo:
https://youtu.be/iINAjwVG7-0

4. Side note:
My demo video ran a little long because I walked through all the code I have so far. I had to trim the demo of me running ./bin/othello. Running the game is the same as it was last week, though, because this week I only focused on cleaning up code, making more tests, and modifying the structure of my program. The gameplay is still the same as last week with human vs. human play.
